# Django-Spotify-Music-Reccomendations-Public
This is a public repository of my Django website which allows users to create Spotify playlists using the Spotify recommendation api. I created this repository so that potential employers can view my work without exposing any security credentials. Please keep in mind that this is not the main working repository so it is not updated frequently and that I am still working on this project. If you would like a complete demonstration with the most up to date code please reach out for an interview.

When you first access the website you must create an account and log into your Spotify account to allow the app permission to your Spotify account via Oauth 2.0 authentication. Once this is done you can go to the setup page and search for songs, artists, and genres. The songs, artists, and genres that you choose are what Spotify uses to create a personalized playlist. From there you are taken to a screen where you can adjust some additional parameters such as popularity, danceability, and more. A confimration screen displays all of the 20 songs that have been choosen based on your inputs. You can finally name the playlist and it will be automatically added to your Spotify account. If you would like to test the website please reach out and I can provide you with some demo credentials.

The code also features an entire test suite which uses traditional unittesting and selenium. This allows for changes to be implemented without having to worry about breaking other parts of the code.
